is cornering and ball passed over the goal
the opening event
the adoption paulo
despite the ball
in the second cardoso
took the crossing
knocked on the door
title would be worse offside than the goalkeeper of the flávio dino pc do b
ex-mayor marked
in some way
arrested in são paulo
the adoption paulo
nothing of anything
several times
but head on the ball
Ricardo the basses
coming from the second of são paulo that the goal causing flamengo player
then the problem says araujo
this beautiful defense
they are not paulo
the goal of são paulo but sao paulo getting the ball hit
submit the proposal to the company
junior baiano of salvador
but he is a scorer
to Sao Paulo arriving
try another goal
from ap dhabi but I do not think I'm going to beat au
O
from São Paulo
do not make the fifth goal of são paulo the teams of the second dvd of the day
to São Paulo
or to the Flemish
parker should be taken
if paulo does so
show off
such shows
are therefore more
there the kick
Sao Paulo
the lawyers of dilma
already the junior defender baiano